the following contest is a divas tag
team match scheduled for one fall
introducing first the team of Rosa
Mendes and Naomi nice I welcome back to
FCW TV where the future begins and every
night that's a heck of a future
flamenco time the wolf I'd get a jig you
that instant you will get the cheap
you know what that means I've no idea it
just sounded like the right thing to say
so stupid
[Music]
introducing their opponents the team of
AJ Lee and Courtney Taylor a spooky but
fierce AJ Lee this is where everybody
comes to see the most beautiful ladies
in the entire state of Florida these
divas really are something else
something well there's something else
beautiful indeed but can certainly hurt
you and me be inside the ring
I kind of feel like I should be partial
to team Rosa you know if the ECW
connection and all gone there you go
just are just thrown it out ready to in
a little Sexton put a sock in it focus
on this match I don't have a sign that's
you know look at what is that spunky
fierce attitude from AJ we
she's such a cute little thing she's
like I let it pick me that you just want
to take over feed a bit of cheese but
she's certainly up for a fight tonight
you just what did you just call it a
pygmy a piggy like a pocket look so very
small you know cute we keep him in a
cage like a paddles
of course she's with Lisa she's not the
cage and he'll just body got first a
chain the spider sighs she sees first
size as an advantage because o most
divas that she may compete against but
Niobe not this is her David you know
much about a Saxton on AoE night a
former dancer with the Orlando Magic
basketball team and certain has a style
unique terrowin I'll be nice she's got
an incredibly athletic babe low seven
central growl is he great for violence
tonight also at one time a backup dancer
for Flo Rida
[Applause]
go to tailor in full control you lose
your picture what your your experts fear
you could pick one team over the other
pick them for a day or two win the match
that's a tough one go wash up I think
I'd go with AJ Carly based on the
inexperience factor of 99 oh that is
true this is a matter that's first match
up here on FCM television but of course
I could be completely misjudged that
we've never seen him before
some might be a complete natural fit
somebody his small package kicks out
home there's surprise very good and now
we get more experience from there Rosa
Mendes these verbose yet beautiful Rosa
Mendes in the love interest of Zack
Ryder Zack rod is a very lucky man if
you ask me
[Applause]
parts of the lower part now you felt
like reverberate through the building
hurt me the aggression arose about this
this is a different Rosa Mendes the
Mendes cheap shot exported Taylor is
kind of a partner here with a secured
suplex by Rosa certainly been working on
their inherent skills Rosa right AJ we
buy the hair after Naomi hey you what's
up are you gonna tell me your sizes up
oxygen hours
oh I may have to take back that
statement throw it around like a rag
doll look at this man enjoy this one is
trying to soften up trying to weaken
[Applause]
just in the nick of time stopping her
see that before all the width of the
early night is realizing it to jump on
the back of a jelly there's one thing
I'm taking away from this night without
its aggression I've been here at FCW TV
but obviously right at cover again
obviously the first time the world's
amend s has teamed up with me on while
yeah hop the compliment Rosa Mendes
she's got a street a very well school
for this nature they are working
together at camp for now raise us
retching out Archie out finish arms
driving to left me into the back feisty
personality trying to fight back
[Applause]
and you saw Rosa Mendes is had snappy
just in time and they'll be digested
[Applause]
Rosa Courtney all in this with the needs
are on the face of well that was a great
matchup for all locally stevis is very
impressive performance on a debut by
though we know from Tony Taylor and AJ
League and Irwin or folks stood